Document common 2.0 upgrading issues (#3018)
urllib3/urllib3: docs/v2-migration-guide.rst

If your organization relies on urllib3 and is interested in continuing support you can learn
more about the `Tidelift Subscription for Enterprise <https://tidelift.com/subscription/pkg/pypi-urllib3?utm_source=pypi-urllib3&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=docs>`_.

**🤔 Common upgrading issues**
-------------------------------

> The following sections explain common issues and their remediation. If all else fails, you should

Author: Done in [`179acab` (#3018)](https://github.com/urllib3/urllib3/pull/3018/commits/179acab09c5e2d562de14d786a7acade5e5eef5b)

pin urllib3 to 1.26.x using ``urllib3<2`` in your requirements. For more details on the recommended
way to handle your dependencies in general, see `Semantic Versioning Will Not Save You
<https://hynek.me/articles/semver-will-not-save-you/>`_. The second half even uses urllib3 2.0 as an
example.

ssl module is compiled with OpenSSL 1.0.2.k-fips
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: text

  ImportError: urllib3 v2.0 only supports OpenSSL 1.1.1+, currently the 'ssl' module is compiled with OpenSSL 1.0.2k-fips  26 Jan 2017.
  See: https://github.com/urllib3/urllib3/issues/2168

Remediation depends on your system.

> - **AWS Lambda**: Upgrade to the Python 3.9 or 3.10 runtimes that come OpenSSL 1.1.1.

Reviewer: Is this accurate for our current understanding? Perhaps we should recommend folks use Python 3.10?

Author: Yes, it's accurate, but I changed this to only recommend 3.10 for simplicity: [`8f87259` (#3018)](https://github.com/urllib3/urllib3/pull/3018/commits/8f87259b949028efd65ccc10b5260101921167a8)

  Alternatively, you can use a `custom Docker image
  <https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-for-aws-lambda-container-image-support/>`_ and ensure you
  use a Python build that uses OpenSSL 1.1.1 or later.
- **Amazon Linux 2**: Upgrade to `Amazon Linux 2023
  <https://aws.amazon.com/linux/amazon-linux-2023/>`_. Alternatively, you can install OpenSSL 1.1.1
  on Amazon Linux 2 using ``yum install openssl11 openssl11-devel`` and then install Python with a
  tool like pyenv.
- **Red Hat Enterpritse Linux 7 (RHEL 7)**: Upgrade to RHEL 8 or RHEL 9.

> - **Read the Docs**: Upgrade your `configuration file to use Ubuntu 22.04

Reviewer: Let's give a concrete example with the config file here (ie `build.os: ubuntu-22.04`)

Author: Done in [`008c89e` (#3018)](https://github.com/urllib3/urllib3/pull/3018/commits/008c89eee4e2dfc55a2e3e729372cc7c3509fd9b)

  <https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/config-file/v2.html>`_. Feel free to use the `urllib3
  configuration <https://github.com/urllib3/urllib3/blob/2.0.0/.readthedocs.yml>`_ as an
  inspiration.

docker.errors.dockerexception: error while fetching server api version: request() got an unexpected keyword argument 'chunked'
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> docker-py swaps some of the urllib3 internals in an unsupported way. The following pull request

Reviewer: This guidance can be changed to "upgrade to `docker==6.1.0`" :partying_face:

Author: [`df8daa1` (#3018)](https://github.com/urllib3/urllib3/pull/3018/commits/df8daa1b21fd1911b3e6f0297f95066a3d662bba)

solves the issue: https://github.com/docker/docker-py/pull/3116. Until it gets reviewed, merged and
released, your only option is to pin urllib3 to 1.26.x using ``urllib3<2.0``.

ImportError: cannot import name 'gaecontrib' from 'requests_toolbelt._compat'
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To be compatible with urllib3 2.0, Requests Toolbelt released version 1.0.0 without Google App
Engine Standard Python 2.7 support. Most users that reported this issue were using the Pyrebase

> library that provides an API for the Firebase API. This library is unmaintained, see

Reviewer: nit: Let's use an named link instead of a raw URL

https://github.com/thisbejim/Pyrebase/issues/435 for possible replacements.

``ImportError: cannot import name 'DEFAULT_CIPHERS' from 'urllib3.util.ssl_'``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This likely happens because you're using botocore which does not support urllib3 2.0 yet:
> https://github.com/boto/botocore/issues/2921. The good news is that botocore explcitly declares in
> its dependencies that it only supports urllib3<1.27. Make sure to use a recent pip. That way, pip
> will install urllib3 1.26.x until botocore starts supporting urllib3 2.0.

Reviewer 2: We may try adding some more info to fully scope the issue.

```suggestion
This likely happens because you're using botocore which does not support urllib3 2.0 yet:
https://github.com/boto/botocore/issues/2921. The good news is that botocore explicitly declares in
its dependencies that it only supports urllib3<1.27. Make sure to use a recent pip. That way, pip
will install urllib3 1.26.x until botocore starts supporting urllib3 2.0.

If you're deploying to an AWS environment such as Lambda or a host using Amazon Linux 2,
you'll need to explicitly pin to `urllib3<1.27` in your project to ensure urllib3 2.0 isn't
brought into your environment. Otherwise, this may result in unintended side effects with
the default boto3 installation.
```

AttributeError: module 'urllib3.connectionpool' has no attribute 'VerifiedHTTPSConnection'
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``VerifiedHTTPSConnection`` class has always been documented to be in the
:mod:`~urllib3.connection` module. It used to be possible to import it from
:mod:`~urllib3.connectionpool` but that was acccidental and is no longer possible due to a
refactoring in urllib3 2.0.

Note that the new name of this class is :class:`~urllib3.connection.HTTPSConnection`. It can be used

> starting from urllib3 1.25.9.

Reviewer: Let's give a concrete example of how to use `urllib3.connection.HTTPSConnection`.

Author: This seems out of scope, also note that there's a link to the docs.

AttributeError: 'HTTPResponse' object has no attribute 'strict'
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The strict parameter is unneeded with Python 3 and should be removed. We are considering adding it

> back to help users of the unmaintained cachecontrol library, see https://github.com/urllib3/urllib3/issues/3010.

Reviewer: Let's remove the note about adding it back since it'll get removed again regardless of us adding it back or not, instead we can link to the issue and if folks are interested they can read more.

In order for people to support both we can provide a code sample which does `getattr(resp, "strict", True)` noting that default behavior is now `strict=True`.

Author: I removed it in [`c9839ed` (#3018)](https://github.com/urllib3/urllib3/pull/3018/commits/c9839ed4ab4d3aace2e16d19acb2e9ebab5db446).

There's no point to use `getattr` here: this parameter is no longer needed with Python 3. So if you're in the position of changing your code, you can just remove strict.
